.\" ***** BEGIN LICENSE BLOCK *****
.\" Version: LGPL 2.1/GPL 2.0
.\" This file is part of libzcloud.
.\"
.\" libzcloud is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License (the LGPL)
.\" as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 2.1 of
.\" the LGPL, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" libzcloud is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" The Original Code is Zmanda Incorporated code.
.\"
.\" The Initial Developer of the Original Code is
.\"  Zmanda Incorporated
.\" Portions created by the Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2009
.\" the Initial Developer. All Rights Reserved.
.\"
.\" Contributor(s):
.\"   Nikolas Coukouma <atrus@zmanda.com>
.\"
.\" Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms of
.\" the GNU General Public License Version 2 or later (the "GPL"),
.\" in which case the provisions of the GPL are applicable instead
.\" of those above. If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only
.\" under the terms of either the GPL and not to allow others to
.\" use your version of this file under the terms of the LGPL, indicate your
.\" decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice
.\" and other provisions required by the GPL. If you do not delete
.\" the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file under
.\" the terms of either the the GPL or the LGPL.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
.\" and GNU General Public License along with libzcloud. If not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" ***** END LICENSE BLOCK ***** */
.TH zcloud 1 "2009-05-19" "LIBZCLOUD"
.SH NAME
zcloud - Command-line interface to libzcloud
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBzcloud\fR \fBprefix\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBzcloud\fR provides command-line access to storage clouds via libzcloud.
.PP
At the moment, the entirety of its operation is to load a plugin based on
the given prefix and try to instantiate a \fIStore\fR.
.\" .SS OPTIONS
.\" .IP "-o, --option"
.\" What the option does
.SH SEE ALSO
(add link to Sphinx documentation here)
.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was written by Dustin J. Mitchell <dustin@zmanda.com> and Nikolas
Coukouma <atrus@zmanda.com>.
